In the intervening decades of the CRSAB, conditions for "these girls"
relaxed only in the sense that, due to the design and implementation of
the softphones that replaced these RSA's desk phones, and the design of
contemporary CRMs, some of us were fortunate enough not to have to
juggle multiple lines at a time. To compensate for the loss of
productivity, and due to the ability of softphones to be configured to
auto-accept inbound contacts, the permissible time to answer shrank
again, from eight seconds to zero.
One unchanged factor of repair service work - again, expanded almost
completely throughout the vast contact center economy - is the regulation 
of habits of elimination; Howard more bluntly, and with the kind of
terror only someone who has never worked in a call center, notes that
"\[t\]elephone workers across the country have to ask permission to go
to the bathroom"[^12]. 
The timing of the *Mother Jones* article, about a year before the LMOS
cover issue of the *BSTJ,* allows us to draw the conclusion that
telephone workers of this period felt, as Howard puts it,
"systematically treated like children"; indeed, one of his interviewees
speaks to the feeling in nearly Freudian terms: "\[a\]fter a while, you
think they are your mother and father and you have to do what they
say".[^13].
--------
[^12], [^13]: Howard, ibid.